= How to Use GITHUB -- GITHUB使い方 -- 

How to use github memo


== Memo 


  gem install nifty-generators
reate Repos on Github 
setupmemos


git clone git@github.com:ganesan/setupmemos.git



PC0576:coding ganesan$ git clone git@github.com:ganesan/setupmemos.gitInitialized empty Git repository in /Users/ganesan/coding/setupmemos/.git/
Warning: No xauth data; using fake authentication data for X11 forwarding.
warning: You appear to have cloned an empty repository.
PC0576:coding ganesan$ ls
Kyounoryouri_local  github_example    nokogiri
Otsuka      kyonoryori_tmp_old  setupmemos
SEOCheck    mechanize
anemone     nifty-generators
PC0576:coding ganesan$ cd setupmemos/
PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ ls
PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ touch README
PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ git add README 
PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ git commit -m 'first commit'
[master (root-commit) a5675f6] first commit
 0 files changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
  create mode 100644 README
  PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ 


  PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ ls
  README
  PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ vim README 
  PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ git status
  # On branch master
  # Changed but not updated:
  #   (use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)
  #   (use "git checkout -- <file>..." to discard changes in working directory)
  #
  # modified:   README
  #
  no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")



  PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ vim README 
  PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ git status
  # On branch master
  # Changed but not updated:
  #   (use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)
  #   (use "git checkout -- <file>..." to discard changes in working directory)
  #
  # modified:   README
  #
  no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")
  PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ git commit -am 'first commit'
  [master 918c79e] first commit
   1 files changed, 2 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
   PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ git status 
   # On branch master
   nothing to commit (working directory clean)


   README
   PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ git push
   Warning: No xauth data; using fake authentication data for X11 forwarding.
   No refs in common and none specified; doing nothing.
   Perhaps you should specify a branch such as 'master'.
   error: failed to push some refs to 'git@github.com:ganesan/setupmemos.git'
   PC0576:setupmemos ganesan$ git push origin master
   Warning: No xauth data; using fake authentication data for X11 forwarding.
   Counting objects: 6, done.
   Delta compression using up to 2 threads.
   Compressing objects: 100% (2/2), done.
   Writing objects: 100% (6/6), 420 bytes, done.
   Total 6 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0)
   To git@github.com:ganesan/setupmemos.git
    * [new branch]      master -> master
     
== Usage

== Included Generators

* nifty_layout: generates generic layout, stylesheet, and helper files.
* nifty_scaffold: generates a controller and optional model/migration.
* nifty_config: generates a config YAML file and loader.
* nifty_authentication: generates user model with sign up and log in.


  script/generate nifty_layout --help


== Troubleshooting and FAQs

<b>What is the difference between nifty_scaffold and built-in scaffold?</b>

One of the primary differences is that nifty_scaffold allows you to choose which
controller actions to generate.

  script/generate nifty_scaffold post name:string index new edit

There are a few changes to the generated code as well, such as no XML format by default.

It also offers support for HAML, Shoulda, and RSpec.


<b>I get "undefined method 'title'" error.</b>

Try running nifty_layout, that will generate this helper method. Or
you can just change the templates to whatever approach you prefer for
setting the title.


<b>I can't set new attributes in my model.</b>

Add the attribute to the attr_accessible line in the model.


<b>I get "undefined method 'root_url'" error.</b>

Some generators default redirecting to the root_url. Set this in your
routes.rb file like this (substituting your controller name).

  map.root :controller => 'foo'


<b>I get a missing database error.</b>

Run <tt>rake db:migrate</tt>.


<b>I get a routing error when I try to submit a form.</b>

Try restarting your development server. Sometimes it doesn't detect the
change in the routing.


<b>The tests/specs don't work.</b>

Make sure you have mocha installed and require it in your spec/test helper.

  gem install mocha
  
  # in spec_helper.rb
  config.mock_with :mocha
  
  # in test_helper.rb
  require 'mocha'

Also, make sure you're using Rails 2.1 or greater.


== Development

This project can be found on github at the following URL.

http://github.com/ryanb/nifty-generators/

If you wish the generators behaved differently, please consider
forking the project and modifying to your heart's content.
